What are you both doing?
There is golden sand in my eyes, and you still blow water with me
This window is not open, where is the wind coming from?
Why do you care so much?
What are you doing here?
What's the matter, maybe you come to estimate me?
I will start tomorrow.
Grandma must be on time
I see. I see.
I won't be late tomorrow. I'm sleepy.
You go first
You can't enter my room casually from now on
Little sister, do you really need me to pick you up?
What if you get lost?
Come in with us, no
It's all your writing outside
If you come out, you have to go to the toilet again
Can you send an assistant to pick me up later?
You wait at the door
Yo Sunan
You are so haunted
How can I meet you everywhere?
You didn't hear I was coming to the show
Did you come here by chance?
Do you want to look in the mirror in the third party?
How big of a face dare to say such a thing
Then why are you here?
You don't want to say
Are you here to see Su San Shao's performance?
Is that okay, haha?
Sunan
I say you have to go through your head to brag first
Do you know how much tickets cost for my third brother's performance?
General admission has already sold for seven figures
You poor
Can't even afford the outermost tickets?
That's not necessarily bro
Sister Yingying, don't forget
Sunan's top gifter now is Butler Su Fu
All he had to do was sleep with the old man
Maybe.
Can you really get Su San Shao's ticket?
No matter how powerful a housekeeper is, how powerful can he be?
Our tickets were given by Su San Shao himself
Just three.
Even if Butler Su Fu has the ability to reach the sky
You can't possibly give him a ticket
I really don't have a ticket
Because I don't need this show at all
I was personally invited in by Third Young Master Su, hahaha.
This is the funniest joke I've ever heard
Suna
Don't you still want to say that Su San Shao is your brother?
I'll come to greet you in person later
What's the problem?
What are you, Miss Su?
The third young master sent me to pick you up
Come with me, please.